README.md, before:

# My First ROS2 Robot Simulation

Learn more about this project at https://tech-multiverse.com/projects/learning-how-to-simulate-robots-with-ros2/

**Follow these steps to get everything up and running:**

- In VS Code, with the Dev Container extention installed, click the blue button in the lower left and choose "reopen with container". 

- Once the container build finishes, open a terminal and source the bash file with `source /dev_ws/install/setup.bash`.

- Navigate to dev_ws. 

- Launch the project and open the Gazebo simulator with `ros2 launch my_bot launch_sim.launch.py`

- Open a new terminal and launch the RVIZ simulator with `rviz2`.

- Open the RVIZ configuration file named "drive_bot" in the my_bot folder, to load the bot into the scene.

- Open another terminal and lauch the contros with `ros2 run teleop_twist_keyboard teleop_twist_keyboard`.

- Use the "u" and "o" keys to have the robot do circles, otherwise it's easy to lose track of it visually.

Here's a screenshot of this project running:

<img src="/images/ros2_robot_sim_static.png" width="720">

Commit message:

fix submodule owner issue and correct readme

README.md, after:

# My First ROS2 Robot Simulation

Learn more about this project at https://tech-multiverse.com/projects/learning-how-to-simulate-robots-with-ros2/

**Follow these steps to get everything up and running:**

- In VS Code, with the Dev Container extention installed, click the blue button in the lower left and choose "reopen with container". 

- Once the container build finishes, open a terminal and initialize and update the submodule with `git submodule update --init --recursive`.

- Launch the project and open the Gazebo simulator with `ros2 launch my_bot launch_sim.launch.py`

- Open a new terminal and launch the RVIZ simulator with `rviz2`.

- Open the RVIZ configuration file named "drive_bot" in the my_bot folder, to load the bot into the scene.

- Open another terminal and lauch the contros with `ros2 run teleop_twist_keyboard teleop_twist_keyboard`.

- Use the "u" and "o" keys to have the robot do circles, otherwise it's easy to lose track of it visually.

Here's a screenshot of this project running:

<img src="/images/ros2_robot_sim_static.png" width="720">
